en: improve generate.fallback (#1552)
nuxt/docs: en/api/configuration-generate.md

## fallback

- Type: `String` or `Boolean`

> - Default: `200.html` if left unset or false and `404.html` if set to true

Reviewer: The outcome for different values is explained further down, so I'd suggest to keep it as is :relaxed: 	

```suggestion
- Default: `200.html`
```

}
```

The path to the fallback HTML file. It should be set as the error page, so that also unknown routes are rendered via Nuxt.
If unset or set to a falsy value, the name of the fallback HTML file will be `200.html`. If set to `true`, the filename will be `404.html`. If you provide a string as a value, it will be used instead.

When running a SPA it is more idiomatic to use a `200.html`, as it's the only file necessary as no other routes are generated.

```js
fallback: false
```

If working with statically generated pages then it is recommended to use a `404.html` for error pages and for those covered by [excludes](https://nuxtjs.org/api/configuration-generate#exclude) (the files that you do not want generated as static pages).

```js
fallback: true
```

However, Nuxt allows you to configure any page you like so if you don't want to use the `200.html` or `404.html` you can add a string and then you just have to make sure you redirect to that page instead. This is of course not necessary and is best to redirect to `200.html`/`404.html`.

```js
fallback: 'fallbackPage.html' 
```

>  *Note: Multiple services (e.g. Netlify) detect a `404.html` automatically. For those that don't you will need to manually create a redirect file that redirects `404` to `404.html` * 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 *Note: Multiple services (e.g. Netlify) detect a `404.html` automatically. If you configure your webserver on your own, please consult it's documentation to find out how to set up an error page (and set it to the `404.html` file) * 
```

}
```

The path to the fallback HTML file. It should be set as the error page, so that also unknown routes are rendered via Nuxt.
If unset or set to a falsy value, the name of the fallback HTML file will be `200.html`. If set to `true`, the filename will be `404.html`. If you provide a string as a value, it will be used instead.

> If running a SPA with all pages not generated then it is best to fallback to 200.html, as it's the only file necessary as no other routes are generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running an SPA then it is more idiomatic to use a `200.html`, as it's the only file necessary as no other routes are generated.
```

```js
fallback: false
```

> If working with statically generated pages then it is best to fallback to 404.html for error pages and for those covered by [excludes](https://nuxtjs.org/api/configuration-generate#exclude) (the files that you do not want generated as static pages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If working with statically generated pages then it is recommended to use a `404.html` for error pages and for those covered by [excludes](https://nuxtjs.org/api/configuration-generate#exclude) (the files that you do not want generated as static pages).
```

```js
fallback: true
```

However, Nuxt allows you to configure any page you like so if you don't want to use the 200.html or 404.html you can add a string and then you just have to make sure you redirect to that page instead. This is of course not necessary and is best to redirect to 200.html/404.html

```js
fallback: 'fallbackPage.html' 
```

 *Note: Multiple services (e.g. Netlify) detect a `404.html` automatically.*
 

>  *Note: If running on apache you will need to create a .htaccess file with a redirect of 404 to 404.html.*

Reviewer: We can't add comments for all web servers (nginx, apache, etc.), so I'd either leave it out or make it more general. Maybe even merging it with 115

Author: resolved

- Type: `Array`

> [Dynamic routes](/guide/routing#dynamic-routes) are ignored by the `generate` command (npm run generate). Nuxt does not know what these routes will be so it can't generate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Dynamic routes](/guide/routing#dynamic-routes) are ignored by the `generate` command (yarn generate). Nuxt does not know what these routes will be so it can't generate them.
```

Only the route `/` will be generated by Nuxt.js.

> If you want Nuxt.js to generate routes with dynamic params, you need to set an array of dynamic routes inside the `generate` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want Nuxt.js to generate routes with dynamic params, you need to set the `generate.routes` property to an array of dynamic routes.
```
